
# Embedthis Software Evaluation License

This is a License Agreement between Embedthis Software LLC. ("Embedthis") and
you ("You"), the Licensee.

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE INSTALLING OR USING THE
SOFTWARE. YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE INDICATES YOUR FULL ACCEPTANCE AND YOU ARE
AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS IN THIS AGREEMENT. FAILURE
TO COMPLY WITH THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT VOIDS THE AGREEMENT, DISALLOWS
LICENSEE USE OF THE SOFTWARE AND MAY GIVE RISE TO UNSPECIFIED DAMAGES.

### Definitions

**"Integrated Product"** means a single product that incorporate(s) the
Software in binary form only, together with other hardware or software of
significant value-add.
**"Software"** means the Embedthis software including source code, headers,
documentation and data files.

### 1\. License to Use

1.1. You are hereby granted a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable right to
use, compile and modify the Software for evaluation or non-commercial purposes
when creating Integrated Products.

1.2. You are prohibited from distributing, selling or renting Integrated
Products containing any portion of the Software. You acknowledge that a
separate Embedthis license is required for further development after this
Agreement has terminated or for the distribution and selling Integrated
Products.


### 2\. Copyright and Ownership

2.1. The Software is owned by Embedthis and is protected by international
copyright, trademark and any other applicable laws. You must comply with the
terms of the copyright notice in the Software and must never remove any notice
or product identification from the Software or the accompanying documentation.
You acknowledge that the copyright, patent, trade secret and all other
intellectual property rights in the Software shall remain the exclusive
property of Embedthis. You also acknowledge that Embedthis owns the Embedthis,
Appweb, Ioto and Embedthis GoAhead trademarks and logos.

### 3\. Warranties and Limitations

3.1. Embedthis DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, RELATED TO THE Software, ITS USE OR ANY INABILITY TO USE
IT, THE RESULTS OF ITS USE AND THIS Agreement. The Software and any
accompanying written materials are supplied "AS IS", without warranty of any
kind. Embedthis does not warrant, guarantee or make any representations
regarding the use of or the results of the use of the Software or as to its
correctness, accuracy, reliability, currentness or otherwise. You assume the
entire risk as to the results and performance of the Software.

### 4\. Notices

4.1. Embedthis may, at its sole discretion, terminate this Agreement at any
time without notice.

### 5\. Applicable Law

5.1. This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Washington,
USA and the parties submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of
that state.
