.TH AUTH "1" "February 2014" "auth" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
authpass \- Create and manage passwords
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B authpass 
[\fI--cipher blowfish|md5\fR]
[\fI--file filename\fR]
[\fI--password password\fR] 
realm username roles...

.SH DESCRIPTION
The authpass program creates authentication passwords for Appweb. It should be used to create passwords
for the "config" or "app" authentication stores. If using the "config" authentication store, use the "--file" option
to specify the name of the password file. 

.RS 5
authpass --file auth.conf --password pass1 example.com joshua administrator buyer
.RE

If using the "app" authentication store, omit the "--file" option and the password will be displayed to the standard output.

.RS 5
authpass --password pass1 example.com joshua administrator buyer
.RE

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\--cipher blowfish|md5\fR 
Specifies the cipher to use to hash the password. Default is blowfish. Blowfish is substantially more secure.
MD5 must be used for digest authentication.
.TP
\fB\--password password\fR 
Specifies a password to use to for the user.
.TP
\fB\--file filename\fR 
Update the specified password configuration file.
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
The authpass program is used to create and manage user passwords.
Appweb uses the same authorization file and format for Basic, Digest and Post authentication stores. This simplifies administration.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to dev@embedthis.com.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co Embedthis Software.
.br
.SH "SEE ALSO"
