.TH MAKEROM "1" "March 2014" "makerom" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
makerom - Compile files into C source code
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B makerom [options] files ... >output.c
.P
[\fI--files fileList\fR] 
[\fI--name struct-name\fR]
[\fI--mount mount-point\fR]
[\fI--strip strip\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
To enable files to be accessed on embedded systems without a file system, the
\fBmakerom\fR command converts arbitrary files into C code that
can be compiled and linked into a program. This is useful for applications
that must execute completely from ROM and not access a file system.
This facility can also enhance security by preventing the
modification of files.
.PP
The MPR portable runtime provides routines which can then read these files
much as you would read any file on disk.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\--files fileList\fR
Option to provide a list of files that should be converted.
.TP
\fB\--p mount\fR 
Specifies a mount point for the rom file system. This defaults to /rom.
.TP
\fB\--name structName\fR 
Specifies the name of top level C structure that holds the converted files.
.TP
\fB\--p strip\fR 
Specifies a filename prefix to strip from the start of each file name. 
.PP
.SH "EXAMPLE"
This example will create a list of web files and then convert these
files into C structures in the file romFiles.c.

.PP
    find web -type f -print >fileList
.PP
    makerom --files filelist >romFiles.c
.PP
    cc -o romFiles.o romFiles.c

.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to dev@embedthis.com.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co Embedthis Software.
